To start the website, we took the basis of CS50 Finance. This structure helped us start our website with basic structure and functionality. The login, logout, register and change-password page are all similar to CS50 finance because these are functionally the same. We store all of our data into conspiracy.db, a SQL database.

We then created the homepage which displays 10 posts. Five of these posts are catered to the user while 5 are random other genres from the database. The catered-user posts are the most popular posts in their favorite genre. The other five are the most popular posts in other categories. We track user preferences by automatically tracking what the user likes and dislikes. Every time the user likes a post, we take note of the genre of the post. If the genre becomes the user’s most-liked genre, that genre will become the user’s preference.

Under the post tab, we require that the user enter a title, genre and a post. These help us organize the posts and track user likes and dislikes. The genres are popular conspiracy theory types: politics, history, aliens, pop culture and miscellaneous. Additionally, we implemented an inappropriate content monitor. By comparing the user’s words to a csv file of inappropriate words, taken from Youtube's blacklist, the algorithm can detect if the user tries to post bad words and notifies the user that the content is inappropriate.

The recents page displays 10 recent posts from all users. The user can scroll through the page and like or dislike the posts. If they click the like or dislike buttons, the page will store the post’s likes and dislikes into a database and refresh with updated numbers.

The your posts tab displays the quiz results and then all of the users past posts. These posts show the like and dislike ratio to show the user which posts are the most popular. If the user has not completed the quiz, the try and except structure will find this and encourage the user to take the quiz.

The quiz is based on the genres of conspiracy theories as well. There are five categories and so we made 2 questions for each category, with a total of ten questions. The first quiz page simply shows the various possible “categories” a user can be sorted into after the quiz. This page is used to explain what the quiz is and what the user should do. By clicking the start button, the user will be transferred to the “questions” page. This page requires the user to fill out each question in a selection form format. After clicking submit, the page redirects to the results page that displays the user's results as well as their “percent-distribution.” These results are stored in a separate database and used in the your posts tab. 